README.md, before:

# Ansible Consul Role

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bdclark/ansible-consul.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bdclark/ansible-consul)

Ansible role to install and configure [Consul][1] agent (client and server).

Role Variables
--------------

See [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) for a list and description of
variables used in this role.

Example Playbooks/Snippets
----------------

### Basic client/server installation examples

```yaml
- hosts: consul_servers
  become: true
  vars:
    # set consul bind_addr to ip addy of eth1
    consul_auto_bind_iface: eth1
    # install consulate API client
    consul_install_consulate: true
    # any valid agent options
    consul_config:
      server: true
      bootstrap_expect: 3
      ui: true
      leave_on_terminate: false
      retry_join: "{{ groups['consul_servers'] | map('extract', hostvars, ['ansible_eth1', 'ipv4', 'address']) | list }}"
  roles:
    - consul

- hosts: app_servers
  become: true
  vars:
    # agent options
    consul_config:
      leave_on_terminate: true
      retry_join: "{{ groups['consul_servers'] | map('extract', hostvars, ['consul_config', 'bind_addr']) | list }}"
  roles:
    - consul
```

### Consul service/check definitions

Consul service definition json files can be written by setting `consul_services`
(file per service) or `consul_services_bulk` (multiple services in one file).

The following are examples for configuring consul services, but the same approach
works for check definitions as well by setting `consul_checks` and
`consul_checks_bulk`.

```yaml
# writes service-redis.json
# service name defaults to 'redis' since name not specified
consul_services:
  redis:
    port: 6379
    check:
      tcp: localhost:6379
      interval: 30s
      timeout: 1s

# writes service-redis_6000.json and service-redis_7000.json
consul_services:
  redis_6000:
    name: redis
    id: redis6000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - master
    check:
      script: /bin/check_redis -p 6000
      interval: 10s
      ttl: 30s
  redis_7000:
    name: redis
    id: redis7000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - delayed
      - slave
    check:
      script: /bin/check_redis -p 7000
      interval: 10s
      ttl: 60s

# same services, but writing all services in services.json instead
consul_services_bulk:
  - name: redis
    id: redis6000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - master
  - name: redis
    id: redis7000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - delayed
      - slave
```

[1]: https://www.consul.io/

Commit message:

add amazon linux test, update travis.yml

README.md, after:

# Ansible Consul Role

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bdclark/ansible-consul.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bdclark/ansible-consul)

Ansible role to install and configure [Consul][1] agent (client and server).

Requirements
------------
This role is being tested with Ansible 2.6, 2.7, and 2.8 on the following operating systems:

- Ubuntu-18.04
- Ubuntu-16.04
- Centos-7x
- Amazon Linux 2

Other versions or distributions may work, YMMV.

Role Variables
--------------

See [defaults/main.yml](defaults/main.yml) for a list and description of
variables used in this role.

Example Playbooks/Snippets
----------------

### Basic client/server installation examples

```yaml
- hosts: consul_servers
  become: true
  vars:
    # set consul bind_addr to ip addy of eth1
    consul_auto_bind_iface: eth1
    # install consulate API client
    consul_install_consulate: true
    # any valid agent options
    consul_config:
      server: true
      bootstrap_expect: 3
      ui: true
      leave_on_terminate: false
      retry_join: "{{ groups['consul_servers'] | map('extract', hostvars, ['ansible_eth1', 'ipv4', 'address']) | list }}"
  roles:
    - consul

- hosts: app_servers
  become: true
  vars:
    # agent options
    consul_config:
      leave_on_terminate: true
      retry_join: "{{ groups['consul_servers'] | map('extract', hostvars, ['consul_config', 'bind_addr']) | list }}"
  roles:
    - consul
```

### Consul service/check definitions

Consul service definition json files can be written by setting `consul_services`
(file per service) or `consul_services_bulk` (multiple services in one file).

The following are examples for configuring consul services, but the same approach
works for check definitions as well by setting `consul_checks` and
`consul_checks_bulk`.

```yaml
# writes service-redis.json
# service name defaults to 'redis' since name not specified
consul_services:
  redis:
    port: 6379
    check:
      tcp: localhost:6379
      interval: 30s
      timeout: 1s

# writes service-redis_6000.json and service-redis_7000.json
consul_services:
  redis_6000:
    name: redis
    id: redis6000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - master
    check:
      script: /bin/check_redis -p 6000
      interval: 10s
      ttl: 30s
  redis_7000:
    name: redis
    id: redis7000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - delayed
      - slave
    check:
      script: /bin/check_redis -p 7000
      interval: 10s
      ttl: 60s

# same services, but writing all services in services.json instead
consul_services_bulk:
  - name: redis
    id: redis6000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - master
  - name: redis
    id: redis7000
    address: 127.0.0.1
    port: 6000
    tags:
      - delayed
      - slave
```

[1]: https://www.consul.io/
